Editorial: fix requirement of opening a new path (#418)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

## Path Initiation {#path-initiation}

> Opening a new path requires the use of a new connection ID
> for an unused Path ID (see {{explicit-path-id}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening a new path requires the use of a new connection ID (see {{Section 9.5 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}})
for an unused Path ID (see {{explicit-path-id}}).
```
I think it is actually not correct to remove the reference to section 9.5 of RFC9000 as that section explain the privacy implications and we don't have a reference to 9.5 of RFC9000 in the section on explicit path ID. However, I think we can have both references.

> for an unused Path ID (see {{explicit-path-id}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mapped to an unused Path ID (see {{explicit-path-id}}).
```
